Add support for showing view definition in BigQuery (#3687)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/bigquery.rst

``TIMESTAMP``  ``TIMESTAMP_WITH_TIME_ZONE`` Time zone is UTC
=============  ============================ =============================================================================================================

System Tables
-------------

The connector supports queries of the view definition. Given a view ``customer_view``,

> ``SELECT * customer_view$big_query_views`` shows the view definition.

Reviewer: How about `customer_view$view_definition`, instead?

Author: Looks good. Changed to the new name. Let me remove `syntax-needs-review` now.

> The connector supports queries of the view definition. Given a view ``customer_view``,
> ``SELECT * customer_view$view_definition`` shows the view definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each Trino table which maps to BigQuery view there exists a system table which exposes BigQuery view definition.
Given a BigQuery view ``customer_view`` you can send query
``SELECT * customer_view$view_definition`` to see the SQL which defines view in BigQuery.
```
